so bill had stomach cramps and went to
the hospital
where he was prescribed some pills the
next morning
he was found unconscious police found
someone had switched the pills
and questioned three suspects dr johnson
his cardiologist
saw him at three in the afternoon and
wrote the prescription
john the hospital cleaner came to clean
the room at 7am
found him and called the police susan
his nurse
brought the pills to him at eight that
morning who's lying
[Music]
susan the cleaner called the police one
hour before she claimed to have brought
in the pills
mia got a new cat and brought it into
her apartment where she lived with three
other people
but all her roommates disliked her new
pet
three months later she went on a two-day
business trip
but when she came back the cat was gone
she questioned all her roommates steve
didn't notice the cat was missing
david said he was allergic to cats and
couldn't survive a day with one around
him
sean was the one taking care of the cat
and he was shocked he couldn't find it
that morning
who's lying
david if he was allergic to cats
he wouldn't have lasted with mia's cat
in the same house for several months
before
you went to visit an abandoned castle
when you got trapped in the basement
there's a small bamboo stick on the
table almost as long as your forearm
in front of you there are three doors
and you must spend
one hour behind one of them to get out
of the castle
which is the safest option behind the
first door
there's 100 rabid wild rats
behind the second there's a box filled
with water
and you must keep your head submerged in
it in the third door
there's an infinitely deep pool filled
with boxed jellyfish
the second door you can use the bamboo
stick to breathe
brian was traveling by train to a nearby
city
he placed his watch on the table and was
looking for his train ticket
when the train went into a dark tunnel
when it came out
brian's watch was gone there were only
three people in the car
mary was sleeping the entire time
christopher was looking for his wallet
to grab a cup of coffee
mike was playing a game on his phone who
took the watch
it was mary when the journey started she
had her sleeves rolled up
and if she were sleeping she wouldn't
put them down
[Music]
sarah was walking out of the mall when
someone snatched the purse out of her
hand
and drove off in a red car the security
closed the parking lot
and found three people with red cars
alyssa said she was inside
shopping when she got called by security
david said he had only just arrived
bob said he was about to pay his parking
fee and drive off
who isn't telling the truth
david he's got a parking ticket on his
window
from the sign on the wall he's been
there for more than two hours without
paying
and got a ticket and he lies about being
very allergic to cats
simon broke into the richest house in
the neighborhood and took a very
expensive diamond
security guards caught him walking out
and searched him for the diamond
they knew he'd taken it so when they
couldn't find anything
they x-rayed him still nothing showed up
where was simon carrying the diamond
as soon as the guards caught him he put
it in one of their pockets
after the search was over and they were
driving him home he took it out of their
pocket with nobody noticing
a crazy scientist took you into their
basement and is planning to keep you
there for a year
he's given you the option to choose one
of three foods to eat for the year to
stay alive
which one do you choose to save your
life
pasta and bread rice and beans
steak and broccoli
[Music]
if you only ate pasta and bread you'd
get scurvy in just eight months
and steak with broccoli is low in carbs
which will start breaking down your
muscle mass to help you stay alive
your best bet is rice and beans it's
high in all nine
essential amino acids your body needs
and you can germinate some of the raw
beans
eating their sprouts to get your vitamin
c
aren't you a smart cookie
a year passes and you've managed to get
out of the basement
but to make it out of the house you must
pick one of the three doors the
scientists created
the first room is filled with venomous
cone snails
the second has five very hungry polar
bears
the third is a salt water tank with
hundreds of piranhas
which is the safest
the third room perron is our freshwater
fish
and can't survive in salt water three
prisoners are sitting at the table
having dinner
but one of them is wealthy can you guess
who it is
it's not the guy with the steak and the
shrimps the little tag on his shirt
reveals he's a chef
and he likes to prepare a special treat
for himself
the guy with the jewels shows that he's
rich but in prison
jewelry is basically worthless it's the
third guy
rich people try to keep low profile in
prison not to be targeted by others
that's why he doesn't flash any valuable
possessions
or his status a group of researchers is
trying to test your knowledge
they take you into their lab on an
island in italy
and present three dishes to you but only
one is safe to eat
which do you choose cheese infested by
maggots boiled puffer fish liver
or fly agaric mushrooms
[Music]
pufferfish liver can be poisonous if it
isn't prepared properly
and the flyagarrick mushrooms are among
the most dangerous in the world
maggot cheese on the other hand is
actually a delicacy in sardinia italy
so it's perfectly safe to eat really
one day you wake up in an arena without
knowing how you got there
from the speakers you hear that you must
fight one of three
hybrid animals which one do you pick to
stay alive
a polar bear with the head of a
rattlesnake a hippo with a lion head
or a hybrid with the face and body of a
great white shark
and the limbs of a jaguar
[Music]
the great white shark hybrid since its
body has gills
it won't be able to breathe outside
water
you're an astronaut and you've made it
to mars for an expedition
a team member greets you at the entrance
to the base in their workout clothes
when you get in you close the door and
wait for the room to pressurize before
taking off your spacesuit
when you walk in you get a message that
someone at the base is an
imposter who could it be a fellow
astronaut who covers his face because
he got a sunburn an engineer with flaky
patches on her skin
or the person who greeted you at the
door earlier
the person you saw earlier if they were
human
they wouldn't survive outside the base
in the planet's atmosphere
while walking in the forest you come
across a mysterious
local that blocks your way he tells you
if you solve his riddle you're free to
go
but if you don't you'll have to stay in
this forest forever
the riddle goes like this your seas
without water
coasts without land towns without people
and mountains without land what are you
well you're a map
you decided to go exploring a local cave
you walk inside and a landslide suddenly
blocks the way back
ahead there are four tunnels each with a
sign
showing you which dangers lurk inside
which one do you choose to stay
safe the tunnel filled with molten lava
the one filled with poisonous gas the
one swarmed by bats
or the tunnel with venomous spiders
you pick the last one spiders don't hunt
humans for food
and usually avoid them all together
you just moved into a new town with only
two barbers
you visit both their shops to decide
which one you should pick
the first shop is a bit messy and the
barber needs both a haircut and his
beard trim
the second shop is shiny tidy and the
barber is well
shaved with a perfect haircut but you
decide to go to the first shop
why
each barber cuts the other barber's hair
and you pick the one who gave the other
a nice haircut you've got a job as a
helper to someone's mansion
but the mansion owner gives a tricky
task
i need the least number of chairs for a
table
to seat four fathers and two
grandfathers with four sons
you can't ask any questions but what's
the least number of chairs you must put
out
4. the fathers could also be
grandfathers
and their all sons
mary was selling a rope for three
dollars
the buyer gave her ten dollars but
because she had no change
she went to the grocery store next door
to get some
she then returned with seven dollars but
then the clerk from the store
came outside to tell her that she gave
her a counterfeit bill
mary called a detective and she must
tell him how much she had lost
what should her answer be
seven dollars and the rope oh and it
turns out the counterfeiter buyer was a
guy named david
what a troublemaker